Adjust stripe payment method form to new figma design (#42)
FLUX-SE/SyliusStripePlugin: UPGRADE-1.0.md

> # UPGRADE FOR `1.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# UPGRADE FROM 1.0.8 to 1.0.9
```

### `secret_key` Twig hook deprecated

> The `secret_key` hook in the payment method gateway configuration form is deprecated and will be removed in 1.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secret_key` hook in the payment method gateway configuration form is deprecated and will be removed in 2.0.
```
